Opening inventory when being chased by armorog resets it to the middle of the field.

Opening inventory when being chased by hawk resets it to the top of the sky.

Drop the bread in the rat's path, then pick it up again - the rat thinks it's still there and runs away, leaving you with the bread.


Dropping the bucket full of water on the cowpat makes the beanstalk grow even without placing the bean there.
\_
.Use Jug of water (36) on Fire (36) to get out of Dungeon (36).
.Enable portcullis (51) with switch (51) to get to Bridge (48).
.Bone (100) -> Armarog (49) to get to Bridge (48).
.Rock 1 (35), Rock 2 (50), Rock 3 (53) -> Bridge (48). To get Key 4 and Sleeping Potion.
.Sleeping Potion from Dozy (45) -> Dragon (54). To get past Dragon.
.Key 4 (48) -> Machine 4 BR (56) -> Lift 4 (56). To be able to use Key 1.
.Key 1 (85) -> Machine 1 TL (56) -> Lift 1 (71). To get to walkway.
.Get doorknocker (89). To open west tower.
.Use doorknocker on door (84). To get into west tower.
.Get bucket from west tower (83). To fill with water.
.Fill bucket at base of volcano (60). To water beanstalk.
.Place full bucket on cowpat (58). To make beanstalk.

Navigate mode, press "C" after using special key combination on ??? screen.

It is possible to jump over armorog to get to the bridge, but once done you can't get back.

Only the dragon's head and flames are lethal, so it it possible to get past without sleeping potion.

Taking the egg from the dragon in the mine causes it to breath fire, it will stop if you drop the egg anywhere in the mine.

Dizzy stops being drunk immediately when leaving the room he drank whisky in. Also he only tumbles drunkely when walking left or standing still.

You can only open the inventory when Dizy is not moving.

Hawk can only "see" Dizzy when both are between clouds with line of sight.

When using the doorknocker to open the west tower, the door is removed but the knocker is left behind.

Troll stays in castle dungeon until you try to leave the mine on the right hand side, then he is swapped for the miner.

Dizzy can't switch lift in Daisy's Prison to on, he has to stand over it until lift has finished moving.
